Chai Chen.
This should break my.
Sega.
Okay.
Hi guys, sorry.
K.
And then a call with Yosif.
He'll join as well. There he is.
Good.
Maybe quick update on the previous call,
which is our regular call we I have set
up with Ivailo Pashov.
He actually didn't show up.
And also did not decline, so...
And also he didn't have a,
was not in touch with Yosif regarding the
CDC recovery topic.
But still,
Yosif had some time during the last seven
days to investigate and create a little
POC on a potential recovery mechanism we
can use once CDC fails.
And we discussed that just now.
I think it
goes too far if we go deeper here for now.
I will just wrap it up from the
transcript.
And there's also code branch you can,
we all could look into together.
So that's that.
The good news is there are solutions and
the performance is probably quite fine.
It's just a lot of questions that need to
be answered specifically on the process
of recovery.
How do you detect that CDC is down?
What's the
the time out when you say we discovered a
downtime,
then are all branches affected or just
some, who starts that recovery and so on.
So I think a lot of rather processor
questions are open.
than technical ones. Technically,
it's quite flat because we only handle
one table, Cem Dome, same as CDC.
and pass it through the same kind of
business logic.
We even reuse business logic, obviously,
in the back end to then go through each
one by one and apply the appropriate
logic, which means creation, adoption,
or deletion of legs and lots.
So I think the POC in general is a very
good step forward. Anything to add, Yosif,
to wrap it up?
Yeah,
I think that the PUC was successful in
general.
I think that our conceptual idea will
work.
Yeah,
there is some work left in terms of
refining the whole thing,
but with this POC the most,
and I would say the hardest part of
implementing the functionality is done.
What is left really for us is to make
some minor changes.
changes here and there,
and then expose the functionality to an
endpoint, for example.
And that would be it.
So, yeah.
Mmh.
Good. Like I said, I will wrap it up.
Then maybe what would help me is to go
through the list of pending topics on
architectural and conceptual side.
I've started a loop,
which also is like a vacation handover.
And, therefore,
the list of things to be done by the end
of this week.
All those with the highest prior at the
top.
Um...
Maybe that could be a good topic for
today to go through that.
So that we are all aligned on what's
still to be done and what's to be
expected until the end of the week.
Anything from your side you brought for
this meeting?
I mean, uh...
Probably like the question with the
deletion of the,
like the deletion transactional topic.
Uh, yeah, that's not even covered here.
Yeah, because I'm not seeing it here.
It's actually...
In my head, and I've also worked on it.
And I've talked about it with Joachim.
Maybe I can share what's the state second.
Milev.
Seven.
Should be this one.
Yeah, that's the correct one. One second,
just too big to share.
Okay.
So, this is a smaller window now.
Can you see it?
Yep.
Good. So maybe to start with the question.
Where is the question?
Basically, the...
No.
Question from Boyan was.
No, it's not in that document.
Check, it's here.
Here.
This was the question.
Do we have any progress decision on what
we will do to delete TO operation fails
on our side and we have the context lost?
In that case,
we might have a length slot still
assigned exactly without any way to
unassign them.
Relates to open question two, exactly. So,
without a way to unassign them Boyan,
you mean that the transport order is gone
in the UI,
and therefore you cannot re-delete it if
you want to put it like that, which...
Leaves as no.
possibility to recover anything at all.
Is that the challenge you are asking for,
right? That's how I understood it.
I mean,
the issue here is that we still have like
Yeah.
objects for this transport order in our
system, like those legs would still.
Be assigned from you just point of view.
But, like, this will not be correct,
and like there is pretty much no way for
the user to fix this for a new Dispo
point of view. I mean,
even if they apply some changes,
those legs would never be seen anymore
Yeah.
from a new Dispo point of view,
because they would appear.
Yeah.
Assigned, but actually they won't be.
Yeah.
Correct.
So they are not in the left space,
to put it like that, not on the left area.
They're sorry, they're not.
They will not be available on the UI on
the left side where the unplanned options
Yeah, never, never.
are. Yeah, yeah, good.
So to go back to the other doc.
Four options that could be.
Disgust.
The immediate retry, I think,
is a no-brainer. We do that already,
but after three times.
It's lost.
Of course,
background jobs could always fix such
things,
but we decided that these are too big for
now to implement.
Another option discussed was CDC,
obviously extends CDC by.
Other than the shipment type,
which is transport orders.
Also out of scope for now.
which kind of only leaves us with one
last option, which is a manual.
Recovery or resolving, rather,
and this would be triggered.
Köppe.
potentially to the user by an error
message of some kind. Plus, I guess,
logging like we are planning it for the
other flows,
so that from the logs someone could find
out which transport order is affected or
which trace ID, which request ID was
that in and then start manual cleanup all
through a backend provided endpoint.
which does cleanup.
So that's the only option I see feasible.
Orga go live.
And the question is, what can we do?
to confirm this if it really works or
what are the steps to...
be added to the backlog.
As an as an MVP solution.
Like, how would the user trigger this?
I mean, basically, like someone, OK,
they said,
let's say they spot somehow that this is
this is like wrong.
What next?
So the user deletes the transport order,
it gets deleted in TMS. After that,
something breaks, we don't get back,
we don't store the updated legs.
That's the situation, right?
Okay, okay, and let's say,
let's say that after this,
Play.
like they lose the con, they lose the...
Context of this, they like we.
We have lost the context. There is no way,
like,
for us to know that this happened already.
The user, let's say,
closed the retry stuff and and so on,
like, okay,
we logged this somewhere in the log.
Somebody noticed first, who is this?
Somebody who notices in the log that that
something is wrong and...
Second question is,
what does Hidden do afterwards?
So.
Best case, the user...
Don't closes the browser or screenshots
the message.
He gets then in touch with service desk.
Of course,
we know there is no service desk in the
first few weeks,
so whoever is available for do such
service task kind of things will get the
email from them or the ticket.
And then, of course,
the backend has tracked everything in the
cloud log.
So that person from Services can go there
and get the information out of the cloud
lock.
And from a request ID, transport order ID,
whatever it is. In the best case,
we lock as much as possible.
And then that person either calls us.
to execute the cleanup endpoint,
or that person has the possibility to do
it on his own or her own.
That's the absolute minimum.
Yosif.
Yeah, isn't this like very, I mean,
inconvenient and hard to implement into
reality,
like with the user making screenshots,
notifying someone and so on,
like I just find it a very awkward flow.
I can suggest something else.
Um...
No, it just came to my mind.
Let's say that every time we make this
operation for the for the deletion,
we lock an event when we when we start to
delete, let's say,
like in the beginning of our fall,
we lock.
deletion of transport order initiated and
every time when the flow ends and this is
after like we delete from our application
as well,
we then look again that the deletion for
transport.
The order ID was finished and succeeded.
This way,
I think in the work someone could be
checking for these pairs, let's say,
and if if he find a let's say some work
for initiated the for TMS deletion
initiated,
but we he doesn't find the other work
that.
The TMS deletion was finished,
then he checks the the the state,
and we can, I guess,
we can make a query for something like
that to make it easier.
Maybe we can we can even we can even set
up an alert on the cloud.
For something like that.
I think it would be better,
especially if we have someone who will be
monitoring this stuff.
How is this different?
It's still the same painful experience
for the user, right?
Well,
the user is not involved in this one for
at all.
How it is painful for the user.
Ah, you mean that it's proactive?
I mean,
these logs are happening from our backend
Mm.
and they are catched by the operations
team.
Yeah,
so you make it an automated DevOps
I.
monitoring task to find solo events that
don't close and alert on them.
Cem.
So, you get the outages.
Yeah.
Something like that.
Yeah.
Can't we make it like even more automated?
This is what I'm thinking right now.
Good.
Because like checking whether we have
legs in our system,
it's still existing for which we do not
have a transport order is basically to
cure this one to.
You want to you just put the no database
and want to GMX.
We already have this whole buyer from the
POC for the for the recovery, by the way.
Oh.
Can we just do something like a cron job
or something just to check whether search
legs exist in you Dispo and automatically
fix this?
That would be a matter of just
unassigning those legs, nothing more.
If we find legs without a transport order
to it,
we just mark them as unassigned to new
Dispo and move on.
I mean, there is a way for us to, like,
say this, because, like,
we can retrieve all of the legs and where
they are assigned according to you, Dispo.
We can also see, like,
where a particular transport order ID
exists in their database,
because this is all we need right now.
Yeah.
And...
Can't we just run this program something
like once a day?
If we need, if,
if we need to run it like more often,
Thank you. Bye bye.
we can always do it.
The current job, the current job, I think,
I think is, I mean, will bring complexity,
But...
but what we can do is reuse the the the
the logic which I wrote.
And especially if we have it as a service,
but even like to have it like running
Go.
constantly, but even if we don't have it,
like I would,
I think that this operations team can
just run it once a day.
And yeah,
just remove this complexity from the
current job,
because this current job I think will,
I don't think we have time for for
searching.
So exactly my point.
Can I quickly interrupt? Sorry.
I'm pushing back because we have
economical constraints.
We need to make something that just
satisfies.
It being called.
Yeah,
how like a failure notification and the
minimal recovery flow. That's what's paid.
We talk about fixed budgets here.
Everything we do on top.
is not paid. Any crunch of you build,
any logic that runs automatically,
all of this needs to be built and tested.
In what time? In 3 more weeks,
that's the first constraint. Plus,
without the money there,
we have the approval that this manual
Notification-based resolving is accepted.
So I'm pushing back because of that.
I'm not pushing back because I don't want
to find the optimal technical solution or
UX solution.
But this is not what we do here right now.
We find the minimal viable solution for
the amount of money we have and time we
have.
I think that's really important to
reframe the discussion.
And anything locked based in the cloud
lock with a little bit of a toast.
Regarding, oh, sorry,
we discovered an error.
That's all we can do.
We cannot do the whole automatic fixing
in the background.
That's not what we promised and that's
not expected.
So we do ourselves a favor not going that
far at this point.
Point,
I'm not saying that we don't go there
after the go live.
Is that clear to everyone?
Yeah, for sure.
We don't have time for such mechanisms.
Like I think that's why I suggested
Teodor option with the locks,
because it is really absolutely no effort
from us to implement this.
Yeah.
And the other option is just to reuse
this recovery mechanism,
because it's essentially doing the same.
Mhm.
That's no,
that's that's both of these options are
pretty much no extra effort.
Yeah.
Even better,
if they fall together in the same
building blocks, that's perfect.
We can do both, to be honest.
Both what?
Where we can keep the works.
We can also have the mechanism.
It's just about now, from this point on,
it's just about operational strategy and
how we are going to approach this.
First question is, would there be like,
maybe, I'm not sure if we discussed it,
would there be a person who will be
monitoring logs or something like that
for the application state?
I mean,
the issue is it was planned to have an
operational team ready together with the
go live.
Then Naga pushed back and started a much
bigger, I think I explained that already,
a much bigger offering round where they
ask for
the whole operation of all their systems.
And in the next round,
they extended the list of parties
offering on that.
beyond P3.
So it's now a huge buyer process with a
lot of legal and whatever people
contributing to the discussion,
which leads to the process being slower
and no operational team being available
for the go live.
But that's literally...
First of all, their problem.
And Martin is currently trying to find a
middle ground for a time from go live to
when there's a solid operational setup.
So...
The ones probably monitoring this could
be us on a minimal level.
But it's not definitive.
And it's also not part of the scope and
budget of the development of the solution,
because this is operational budget.
And...
Yeah,
that's literally I know about this public.
But it's not that we can hand this over
today.
to someone from operations team.
And we, yeah,
we should focus on the building blocks.
How they are put together on the
operational level is not what we care
about right now.
That's what I want to say.
And I think we we have a good.
Transparency now.
Of this.
I would propose to wrap it up in...
Holistic concept we can read through
together.
And which can be presented to, I guess,
public once again.
to get it signed off.
And then we derive the minimal building
blocks from it and put it in the backlog.
That makes sense.
Okay.
Um...
So that could literally answers the
question you had, Boyan, I guess.
Um...
with the sub-question of what and when do
we lock and what do we show to the user.
But that is a task I'm preparing right
now anyway.
with this transitional, transitional,
transactional, my God,
too much talk today,
transactional UX and transactional
logging because they kind of.
are the same thing from different angles.
Here we inform the user,
It is.
here we inform operations.
Oh.
And this is really only about the use
case with transport order deletion.
Was that it?
No,
it's all 7 flows where we need proper
So.
logging and UX.
It's, I guess.
No, no,
I mean this specific use case with the
with the losing context.
It's specifically there more difficult,
yes.
Up.
Because at the source you lose data,
while for the others.
It's.
Additions or changes?
And this flow number seven has a.
Can you just,
because I'm starting like too much
context, like Bobby,
can you remind me like...
When we delete, for example,
the transport order, like,
we failed to delete the legs and what was
exactly the issue there, like,
isn't we going to sync it the next time
we try to do any operation with this?
The issue is that they have no way to
sync it.
Ohh.
I mean, they don't have a way to,
they really don't have a way to make this
happen. Like,
because from you Dispo point of view,
those would appear as assigned, but like,
there would be no transport order for the
user to click and attempt any operation
over those legs.
Oh yeah, yeah, they will appear,
they will still be assigned, yeah, yeah.
Mhm.
Correct.
Eng.
Hello?
Our item potency data sync check,
and which we then react to and fix data,
but for flow #7.
It is a bit different.
Good.
Just one question, like,
would it be possible to mark to mark to
to implement just for this specific use
case? I don't know, like,
like a soft delete for the for them for
these entities. For example,
when we go ahead and try to delete the
transport order in the beginning,
we we mark.
Book.
We mark them as bdeleted or something
like that.
We.
We are in the last development spring,
Yosif.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, but just, yeah,
I just wanted to bring this up that this
might also impossibility.
Yeah, I'll wrap it up.
We need to fly low level,
as low level as possible with regards to
effort.
To get this done successfully,
and I think I have all the info.
And I can get this assigned,
assigned by Patrick and Max, and then...
Yeah.
We go minimal and everything else can
follow after the go live.
Good. Time is up anyway.
Let's move over to the refinement.
Okay.
Good, thanks a lot. Talk soon. Bye bye.
Thank you.